Hello everyone and welcome to the logistic regression project and this lecture I'm going to be giving
a brief overview of the project notebook and how to approach the project.
Let's go ahead and jump to the notebook for the project.
OK so here we are at the project notebook.
In this project we're going to be working with the UCI adult data sets and this is a data set of a bunch
of features of adults and we'll be attempting to predict if people in the dataset belong in a certain
class by salary.
That means we're going to do a binary classification using logistic regression trying to predict whether
someone makes less than 50 thousand year or more than 50000 dollars a year.
You're going to go ahead and get the data checked the head of the adult data set and continue on with
some data cleaning and exploratory data analysis since typically most of your time is spent cleaning
data and not just running the few lines of the logistic regression code.
Well we're going to do is try to show you different issues that may arise when you're cleaning your
data.
That means the focus of this project is going to be data cleaning and it will go ahead do a lot of different
aspects of data cleaning will do a little bit of exploratory data analysis you create some missing features
or figures.
Then you'll also do a little bit of G-G plot visualization for exploratory data analysis.
Then finally you'll go ahead and build the model with logistic regression and do a train test split
and try to predict off of your model.
With that being said go ahead and get started on the project.
Best of luck.
Feel free to reference the solution notebook as we need it.
But just go ahead and go to the notebook and follow along the instructions.
Thanks everyone and I'll see at the next lecture which is the solutions walk through for this project